Offline resilience (#222)
metal-stack/docs: docs/src/overview/architecture.md

<iframe src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/3oEhInk6BaU" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
```

## Offline Resilience

> It is possible to use metal-stack without any external dependency by integrating your own DNS and NTP configuration into the stack. This feature is great for workloads requiring strong independence and reliability. Even in case of an Internet connection failure, your infrastructure remains operational. Existing machines do not encounter any downtime as well as new machines can be provisioned. All you need to have in place is a DNS and NTP server configured and accessible for metal-stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use metal-stack without any external network dependencies by integrating your own DNS and NTP configuration into the stack. This feature is great for workloads requiring strong independence and reliability. Even in case of an internet connection failure, your infrastructure remains operational. Existing machines do not encounter any downtime as well as new machines can be provisioned. All you need to have in place is a DNS and NTP server configured and accessible for metal-stack.
```

> 

Author: I have added a note about this component.

> 

Reviewer: I think we need a follow-up for this specific component because I am not sure if it can handle it when it does not reach images.metal-stack.io. But for now this should be fine.
